It’s divided. I really have a meaning. If you don’t believe me, see for yourselves?
Enough. What do you do during the day? Do you eat every day?
Xiaojun, it’s useless to tell you everything.
Why do you want to kill this kind of lie?
I didn't lie, I really have a meaning,
Even you don't believe me.
Do you think I can trust you?
I have been collecting rags with you every day for the past six months,
Earn dozens of dollars every day,
Even if you buy it new clothes for yourself, you won’t be able to accept it.
If you tell me now that you have a meaning, do you think I'm stupid?
If not, don’t call and ask the bank.
Your horse is on the card.
Xiaojun, wake up
I know you said blow
But reality is always cruel
I don’t feel good if I keep doing this.
You go home
Your dad is still waiting for you
He can't go home, dad
You wait until I get to you, master, kill him
I turned around and killed Xiaojun, Xiaojun and Lao Shui, but I
Ali really has an idea
Call and say hello
I made this call for you
Let you see yourself
Still have to protect him
He said this card has a meaning
I'll call and ask now
If it is true, I will go with her,
If it's not in the book, I won't protect her anymore.